Section0/initialization.md, before:

# Initialization of the working environment

## Installing Arduino IDE

1. Make sure that the Arduino IDE is installed. If it is, [you may skip to installing drivers](##Installing-drivers)
1. Install the Arduino IDE from, https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software choose the correct operating system.
1. Follow the installation instructions, allow to install all drivers.

## Installing drivers

1. Open Tools->Boards->Boards manager...
1. Search for Intel Curie, and install the latest version.
1. After the installation is finished, connect the Genuino 101 to your computer. **make sure nothing is connected to the Genuino, only the USB cable**
1. Select the correct COM port (Tools->Port).
1. Select the correct board (Tools->Boards->Arduino/Genuino 101). The board will probably be at the bottom.
1. Open the Blink example (File->Examples->01.Basics->Blink)
1. Upload, it will take quite a while to compile and upload. At the end you will see a message like this: ![SUCCESS: Sketch will execute in about 5 seconds.](./pictures/success.png?raw=true).
1. After 5 seconds, the led on the PCB will blink. If so go grab a :cookie:

Commit message:

traslated initialization to english, added pictures. Updated arduino program
Todo: make BLE example

Section0/initialization.md, after:

# Initialization of the working environment

## Installing Arduino IDE

Install the Genuino 101 board drivers in the Arduino IDE, and test the Blink example
If you don't know what am I talking about, [here is a link for the arduino tutorial page](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Arduino101#toc2)

## Initialization of the phone (BLE part)

1. Install nrf toolbox [android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=no.nordicsemi.android.nrftoolbox&hl=en) [iphone](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/nrf-toolbox/id820906058?mt=8)
1. Open the application
1. Press the UART button ![will look like a UART connection](./pictures/app1.png)
1. Turn on bluetooth
1. Make a new configuration ![drop list on the top, press the plus](./new-setup.png)
1. git it a nice name. I choose the name "my BLE car" ![be creative](./pictures/name-setup.png)
1. Press edit, on the top right. The screen should turn to orange. ![look harder if you don't find it](./pictures/edit-button.png)
1. Press the top left orange button, and enter 1. Choose EOL of LF, and make sure that the Active box hax V. Select any icon you will remember, I chose icon of number 1. ![ ](./pictures/init-button.png)
1. Do the same for all buttons. And press the Done button. ![should look like a numpad](./pictures/finished.png)
1. Upload the Sketch called BLE_test.ino to the arduino.
